(Episode 8)
Why can't I run a DNA test...
when the corpse hasn't been identified properly?
Given the state it's in, running a DNA test might not be possible.
I mean, the body wasn't burnt to ashes.
We must try as far as our resources allow.
The family already confirmed the body belongs to the deceased.
You don't have the right to say otherwise.
That body doesn't belong to Seo Joon Hee!
- Do you have proof? - That's why we need the DNA test!
But the family doesn't want that!
So stop causing trouble.
What a punk. Goodness.
There are no surveillance cameras on the road.
Except us, not a single vehicle...
passed by here for half an hour.
He was abducted in front of the precinct,
but he ended up in this desolate area and got into an accident.
Isn't that strange?
I should go down there.
Down there?
I just need to talk to him. I'm only going to talk...
Why... I'm here to talk to him. I'll be gone after that. Seriously.
- You jerks. - What's wrong with him?
My goodness.
Unbelievable.
If you enter the hall one more time,
we won't be nice anymore.
They're tough.
Hey, Dong Bae. Locate Kim Hak Bum.
Come on. Open up the door quickly. I said, "quickly"!
Do your job right.
My gosh.
Gosh, I brought juice when I heard you were in the hospital.
Where were you? You're a patient.
Look.
I...
don't know anything.
My goodness.
I didn't ask you any questions.
I merely said I came here for a visit.
I...
don't know. I know nothing.
Darn it.
I have nothing to say to you.
Hey, you're bleeding.
You may die from blood poisoning if you pull this out wrong.
Even if you're in a rush, you should leave it to an expert.
Let go.
I don't know what the rush was though.
What's going on?
Darn it.
I came to visit Kim Hak Bum,
who was throwing a fit.
If you came to visit him, why is my friend...
so pale?
I don't know.
There are two reasons you get pale when you see a detective.
Either you lied, or committed a crime.
Don't you remember me by any chance?
Our paths crossed briefly in the past.
I wonder if you remember Kim Soo Hyun.
Your friend didn't remember at all.
(9 Years Ago)
Does it hurt?
Don't cry.
Do only one at a time. Be in pain or cry.
Why you...
I told you to stop crying. Seriously.
Tae Suk. Have you come?
- Did Joon Hee take drugs? - Yes.
In Ho. Take Joon Hee out of here,
- and get him out of the country. - Okay.
What about me?
Come on.
Did Joon Hee do that to her?
Freak. You have to stop punching people.
Stop nagging, and help me out, Tae Suk!
Seriously.
Hak Bum.
Take it off.
- What? - Take it off.
Take off my clothes?
Here.
Hey!
- Hey! - Me too! Me too!
Hey. Have you lost your mind?
- Shut it, and take a few more. - What?
Wait! You'll hit me more?
Are you trying to kill me?
I'm doing this to save you!
After we leave, call the cops. And this...
is what you say.
You got out of the rape and assault of 18-year-old...
Kim Soo Hyun.
You refuse to give a statement, right?
- Yes. - "Yes."
Your lawyer's coming, right?
What are you wearing?
Why do you dress like that?
That ridiculous cop, who investigated a rape...
with the victim and rapist sitting side by side,
was a total joke.
Sir.
Well, you should segregate the assailant and the victim first.
Sure. I guess.
Excuse me.
- Hey. - Hi.
Are you okay?
I'm not sure what you mean.
Nine years ago, a high school girl...
was attacked by two men who had studied abroad.
One left the country immediately thereafter,
and the other claimed it happened while they were on a date.
Is that correct?
That case... That wasn't even a case.
It was just an incident.
That girl lied to extort money.
I believe her family testified to that.
The girl lied about her age,
and the boys were abroad for way too long,
so they didn't know the cultural difference.
What else was there?
She consented to sadomasochism,
but he got too excited and failed to control himself.
To prove that, he called an ambulance and stuff.
You left very calculated and smart evidence.
The case was closed once a witness gave...
a crucial testimony on behalf of the accused.
That witness was a woman who owned a small wine bar.
That's what happened.
Come to think of it, two of the people from that case...
are tied to this case too. That frightens me a little.
In case it ends as being nothing but "an incident"...
when two people died.
Of course, not.
If you commit a crime, you must be punished.
If you are innocent, you should not be punished. That's the law.
That's right.
If everyone in the world would abide by that,
life would be so much easier.
Please leave now.
As you can see, my friend isn't feeling very well.
Yes, sure. I'll do that.
But you know...
one thing has changed since then.
The punk rookie detective...
is now a veteran.
A very, very persistent one.
Just what is it you want to say?
I don't know how to respond to your gibberish.
I'm quite flustered.
It's okay. No need to be flustered.
I was explaining how we met, but I ended up gabbing.
Just for your information, we will definitely run Seo Joon Hee's DNA.
I wanted to give you a heads up for old times' sake.
Hey.
What is that all about?
- A DNA test? - I don't know.
Actually,
Joon Hee's corpse did look weird.
Weird? What was weird?
It was too short and skinny.
The watch and clothes were definitely his.
I thought perhaps he shrank in the fire, but...
We just have to get a DNA test!
What if it is him?
You crushed his head with a rock.
What if they find that?
Even if it isn't him,
it'll still be complicated.
Daemyung will demand an investigation.
Things will get messier.
So?
What will you do now?
You can reach that guy who cleans up after you, right?
- Why? - Call him.
No. Give me his information.
I poked at the beehive,
so things should get noisy if it isn't empty.
- Hello? - This is Choi Ja Hye.
Where are you now?
No, no. You go home first today.
- Your child must be waiting. - Still.
I'm telling you to rest so that you can run farther,
so go home, and rest. Run twice as hard tomorrow.
Okay.
Why do you look like that?
Let's drop the unnecessary gab.
I went to Seo Joon Hee's accident site.
The body they found.
Is it really Seo Joon Hee?
What do you mean by that?
There are no skid marks on the road.
It poured on the day he disappeared,
so we can overlook that,
but that doesn't explain the car being burnt.
There was soot on the grass around the car...
and on the remains of the car.
It poured, but it wasn't washed off either.
Right?
It's not like it would've waited for the rain to stop before exploding.
Did you confirm the body was his?
The family insists the corpse is Seo Joon Hee,
but I had my doubts as well.
There are many reasons for that.
We must run a DNA test...
before they cremate his body.
What is this?
It was at the scene of the accident.
It's clean, right?
It was within the remains of the car.
Isn't it strange?
There was a third party?
I'm merely pointing out that we must think of every possibility.
So is washing up on your to-do list?
I will heed your advice on that.
Do I need to drop you off?
Absolutely not.
[VIU Ver] E08 Return "We Must Run a DNA Test"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
That person is driving that car like a mad man.
What's happening? Is that jerk heading my way?
Nobody is here. Why is the red light still on?
- Who are these jerks? - Hey!
My gosh.
Let's wrap up, and go now.
Yes, sir.
Darn it. Those crazy jerks.
They should've finished the job at once.
What?
Shoot. I can't grab it with my hand.
Dong Bae?
Where are you?
What about you?
Me?
I'm on my way back from the hospital where my uncle is being treated.
I see. Then you can't come pick me up.
Where are you?
- I got into an accident. - How bad is it?
I think my car rolled about three times.
But I can't move my arm. It hurts so much.
Okay, okay.
You can pop back the dislocated shoulder by yourself, right?
The heroes in the movies seem to do it really well.
I'm serious right now, you jerk.
Hey, but...
if you can't come,
you should really call an ambulance for me.
Stop joking, Young.
What was that sound?
Young.
Young!
Hello?
Dokgo Young.
They aren't even done with the tests yet.
Dong Bae.
How can I, the almighty Dokgo Young,
lie on this bed because of just a dislocated shoulder?
You pulled a ligament in your wrist and have a cast on.
Hey, this is overtreatment.
They only did the minimal treatment.
You woke up after nine hours. You can't go anywhere.
Dong Bae.
You should know this about me.
Although I may not return the favor,
but I always take my revenge.
Stop it. Your doctor is going to kill me.
Why do you keep following me?
Then do I send you off when you're trying to leave in this state?
My gosh.
What is it?
Look here now.
From now on, you are Dokgo Young.
Go to sleep!
Gosh, he must've finally lost his marbles now.
What's going on?
Don't get off the car.
Mr. Seo Chan Jong of Daemyung Hospital!
Mr. Seo, what's going on?
I'm not sure.
I'm the detective on Seo Joon Hee's car accident case.
You don't need to talk to him. I'll take care of this.
My gosh. Unbelievable.
How could he interrupt the funeral cortege?
Mr. Seo!
Do you really not want to find your son?
Have you gone mad? Is that it?
I was pretty much sane before this happened.
But somebody ordered some guys to beat me up.
I wasn't sure before that,
but now, I get the feeling I'm right.
So I plan to go completely crazy.
You know what?
I can deal with getting beat up,
but I can't let it slide when someone ruins my car,
which my late father bought for me...
to congratulate me for becoming a cop with his savings.
That breaks my heart.
Why are you whining about your life at my friend's funeral cortege?
Mr. Seo.
Are you going to hold a funeral for someone else's son? Are you?
That's enough, Tae Suk.
If we verify that he's my son...
after the DNA test,
you'd better get ready to face the consequence.
If it's not Seo Joon Hee, you must face the consequence.
Will you be okay with that?
Did something happen to my friends?
Yes, specifically to Mr. Seo Joon Hee.
Mr. Seo Joon Hee came near the precinct...
to clear your name, Mr. Kang.
Joon Hee did that?
Where... Where is Joon Hee now?
I'd like to see him myself. Please let me see him now.
It's impossible for you to meet Mr. Seo.
Why not? If he can prove my innocence,
I will get out right away.
Mr. Seo Joon Hee...
is in Kyungchoon Hospital's morgue.
What... What...
What does that mean?
Mr. Seo was on his way to the precinct to clear your name,
but he was found dead.
Joon Hee...
is dead?
I contemplated whether I should deliver this news or not.
But...
I thought that you should know.
Joon... Joon Hee...
No...
Joon Hee...
Excuse me.
Just a minute. What...
Excuse me!
Just a minute!
Dong Bae! Where are you?
Sorry. I got a call that my uncle was in critical condition.
I see.
Then call me later.
Why? Do you have any news?
I have the DNA test result.
You do?
The body in the car wreck isn't Seo Joon Hee's.
I'm on my way to Daemyung Hospital to see his father.
- Have a nice visit with your uncle. - Thanks.
Why couldn't do tell me over the phone?
Well, look at this.
- Who is this? - Joon Hee.
He's alive.
(Return)
Do you think Yum Mi Jung's killer...
hid Seo Joon Hee?
What are you trying to say?
I wonder who sent this to you and why.
The fact that a witness, who knows the secret is alive,
must intimidate the real killer.
There's a rumor that they killed each other.
- Was it you? - It wasn't me.
You took care of it, right?
This... This stinks something awful.
You...
Who are you?